c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\bin\Debug\Karinca.exe.config
c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\bin\Debug\Karinca.exe
c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\bin\Debug\Karinca.pdb
c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.Form1.resources
c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.exe
c:\users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.pdb
C:\Users\casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Karinca\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.Form2.resources
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\bin\Debug\Karinca.exe.config
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\bin\Debug\Karinca.exe
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\bin\Debug\Karinca.pdb
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.Form1.resources
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.Form2.resources
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.exe
C:\Users\enesc\Downloads\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca Uygulama\Karinca\obj\Debug\Karinca.pdb
